Fine. Babe, then.
Yes, babe.
Hold it sweetly, or she won't believe it.
Okay. Let's go.
Thank you
for coming to introduce yourself formally.
Babe.
Explain our relationship to Grandma.
Okay, baby.
Honey.
Yes, babe.
My girlfriend, Kluay is…
She likes to joke around, Grandma.
Yes, babe.
Did you talk to me?
No, Grandma. She's talking to me. But,
it's just… her face angle was a bit off.
She was supposed to look here.
Here, babe.
I would like to apologize to you again,
Mrs. Wanee, for not coming earlier.
Actually, Warat invited me
several times already.
But we just finally found time
that matched.
That's right, Grandma.
We never meant to hide anything from you.
Since you're both sitting here now,
why bring up the past? There's no point.
Actually,
I do find you quite likable.
The first time we met at the hotel,
you remember, right?
I do.
After that day, I was contacted
by Mr. Supol to take on the job here.
I liked your landscaping work
at the hotel,
so I passed your card to Supol.
But I didn't expect your status
to change this fast.
Well then, I'll take this
as a good thing for our family.
Because normally, Warat never
brings any woman for me to consider.
You're the first.
So, welcome.
Thank you very much.
When I invited you
to continue doing projects for the mall,
I did a brief background check on you.
I heard that
you tend to leave jobs often
because people oppose you
over your ability to see spirits.
Is that true?
Oh.
Yes, it is.
When you say it's true,
do you mean the opposition is real,
or that you really see spirits?
Both.
Is that why
you and him get along so easily?
Because you both believe
in the supernatural?
That could be, Grandma.
But the reason I chose to be with Kluay
is because she's a good woman,
kind-hearted and always helps others.
I've never met any woman like her before.
And what about your home?
Where do you live?
Who are your parents?
-Uh, I…
-Kluay has a mother.
She runs her own business.
She has one younger sister.
There are three of them in the family.
Um.
Her sister works at our mall too.
Hm?
Hey.
Is something bothering you?
Good. Now you know.
Why did you hide the fact
that I'm an orphan from Mrs. Wanee?
Hey, I did it
because I wanted you and Grandma
to get along, so nothing gets in the way.
So our work would go smoothly.
Oh.
So you only care about work, is that it?
No, Kluay. I know my grandma well.
There's no way you'd win her over,
no matter what,
if you and she live in different worlds.
Different worlds?
Do you mean the world of the rich
and the poor,
the upper class and the lower class?
Right?
Mr. Warat.
You're misunderstanding things a lot.
I've never been ashamed
of being an orphan.
And I don't think growing up
in an orphanage
is something I need to hide from anyone.
-Kluay, I…
-I'm just an ordinary person.
Yes. I may not have had the same
opportunities as people with parents,
but I can create my own.
And I've always believed
that we're all people.
That's equality.
No one is above or below anyone else.
Kluay.
What I did was to protect you.
It was actually demeaning, Mr. Warat.
Please understand that.
Wait.
Kluay, come talk to me.
Supol,
pick me up early tomorrow.
‎JIRASIN, FATHER (DECEASED),
‎MOTHER (DECEASED), MS. PRAEWILAI (?)
And what about your home?
Where do you live?
Who are your parents?
Kluay, what I did was to protect you.
If I'd known it'd turn into this trouble,
I shouldn't have helped you.
I… I mean Mr. Warat.
I'm still helping you.
I mean Mr. Warat.
Kluay, are you busy?
Uh.
What is it, Som?
Why are you making that face?
You startled me, that's all.
You showed up without a sound.
Det asked me to give you this.
Som, I haven't talked
to Det in a long time.
-I don't want to read it.
-Hey, why not?
I already took it.
-Then you should read it.
-Hey.
Hey. Next time, ask me first.
When would I even get the chance to ask?
Just read it. I feel bad for the uncle.
-Uncle?
-Yeah.
It suits him perfectly.
The longer Det's been with Ameena,
the worse he's getting day by day.
He looks older, more worn out every day.
He must be carrying a lot of misery.
Serves him right.
He's pitiful. Don't say that about him.
Sure. Pity yourself first.
I heard you fought with Mr. Warat.
-How did you know?
-Daddy told me.
Daddy?
It's Arnon.
I just call him that as a joke.
It's nothing.
I'm going. I still have work to deliver.
-Is it really just a joke?
-Yeah.
Ugh.
You little troublemaker.
Mr. Arnon and Sompaen?
Kluay, Som,
it's a day off.
Why aren't you resting at home?
You could let the kids handle this.
It's fine, Mom.
I wanted to come
eat something good here too.
-Mm.
-If I stay home, I'll probably have to eat
Kluay's cooking again.
Hey, what's wrong with my cooking?
Every time I cook, you eat everything.
-Uh, Mom, I'll take this to wash.
-Alright.
-Thanks, dear.
-Go ahead.
I'll dedicate the merit for "her" too.
Thank you, Mom.
-Hey, troublemaker, come with me.
-Huh? Me too?
Come help me wash it.
Why are there so many things today?
Someone brought them over
this morning, Mama Toi.
And later on,
there'll be snacks
and ice cream coming too.
Mm. There.
Is that the car?
Oh, yes, that should be it.
Hello.
It's you.
Mm.
We met at the temple before.
Yes. I have to…
thank you so, so much.
I was just asking them earlier
who the donor was.
I saw everything
arrive early this morning.
My name is Wanee Vanich.
Mrs. Wanee.
I run Vanich Mall.
I'm Kluay's mother.
Kluay Boonsita,
the one who did the landscape architecture
for the Vanich family.
It's a pleasure to meet you again.
You must be
Mama Toi, the founder here, right?
Yes, but you don't have to
call me Mama Toi.
Mom, can we put the ice cream
they're donating into these cups?
She's been donating things for the kids
since early this morning.
Hello.
Uh, thank you so very much.
So this must be the place
that Rat told me about
that your mother runs a private business.
Huh? What is she talking about?
Well then, please let me
show you around the place.
The topic of being an orphan
is very sensitive.
Exactly.
That's why I had to protect her.
And I ended up getting scolded.
What's right for us
might be wrong for them.
I still think I didn't do anything wrong.
You know
what my grandma is like, don't you?
If I had said that Kluay has no parents,
that she grew up in an orphanage,
man, I swear…
But it is the truth.
I know the truth is best,
but not in this case. You know it too.
We work together.
I've argued with you
for years and never won once.
But what about you?
How are you going to make up with her?
Me? Go make up with her?
Are you crazy? I didn't do anything wrong.
BUILDING ONE, OFFICE, ADMIN OFFICE,
BUILDING TWO, SEEDBED
That Kluayhom.
Just a little thing and she's sulking.
Fine then.
Just don't throw it back in my face.
Let me be honest with you, Mrs. Wanee.
I never intended to hide my background.
But yesterday…
That must have been Warat.
I understand my grandson.
Warat was afraid you wouldn't accept me.
Because you're an orphan?
Oh, Warat…
Why do you think so little
of your own grandmother?
To be honest,
I don't really care
about what family you come from.
I was just making conversation.
Besides, whether you and Warat
will last long or not is still unknown.
A month, a year,
or maybe you'll break up soon enough.
So I don't see why I should concern myself
with your background at all.
It's a waste of my time.
I understand.
But bear this in mind,
when two people are to be together,
if their upbringing
and family environment are too different,
I can tell you it's difficult
to survive together.
Even though we're all human beings?
What you're saying is abstract.
What I'm saying is concrete.
It can be measured.
Measured?
Except for the value
of being human, right?
Well.
You'll understand someday
and come to accept it.
But I believe Rat
will end up with a woman who suits him,
someone complete in every way.
And I'm certain that Rat
would never take a woman
with an unknown background
to be my granddaughter-in-law.
I hope you get what you wish for.
A lowly woman like you
will never be comparable to anyone else.
Don't sit there squeezing out tears.
It's you
who let yourself get pregnant.
Trying to trap him?
Such shallow tricks.
Do you think I'm stupid,
that I can't see through you?
Huh, you venomous snake?
I'll say this one last time.
Until the day I die,
I will never accept you
as an in-law of the Vanich family.
Why are you looking at me like that?
I think
we should go that way instead.
Kluay. Kluay!
Warat?
Grandma.
Hello, Wi.
It's Det, Detbodin.
I remember. No need to introduce yourself.
What's so urgent?
Um…
Do you have Kluay's number?
Kluay? Kluay Boonsita?
Yes, yes. Well…
I want you to call her for me
to come see me, if possible.
I have something I want to talk about.
Don't worry, Mom.
Kluay is feeling a bit better now.
I had her rest.
Kluay, are you okay?
Mr. Warat.
Kluay.
Where's Mrs. Wanee?
Grandma walked you back,
but she's already left.
Som, go help Mom. I'm feeling better now.
Are you sure?
Mm. Go.
I need to talk to Mr. Warat.
Please don't let anything happen
to my sister again.
Hey.
Are you okay? This time, it seems
worse than usual.
Yes. It's getting
more frightening, Mr. Warat.
I don't know how much longer
I'll be able to stay and help you.
It's okay.
If I keep forcing you to help
despite the danger you're in,
then I'd be a terrible person.
Well…
I saw…
I saw your grandmother
scolding Ms. Mysterious.
Your grandmother
doesn't want Ms. Mysterious
to become an in-law of the Vanich.
That wedding image…
Yes.
And Ms. Mysterious was pregnant too.
Well…
I heard a child's sound.
The sound of a child's ankle bells.
That sound
was extremely distressing to me.
-Hey, are you okay?
-Ow…
Should we go see a doctor?
No, I don't want to see a doctor.
But take me to your house right now.
My house?
All the answers are there.
Especially your grandma's room.
I need to end this as quickly as possible.
I don't know how much time I have left.
You want to go now?
Do you know what time it is?
Will there even be enough time?
I'll stay there until this is over.
You're going to stay with me?
Yes. As your girlfriend.
I think it's strange.
Kluay looked at me and just collapsed.
What do you think it was, Supol?
That's what I'm wondering too, ma'am.
Last time,
Ms. Kluay fainted at rose arbor house
for no apparent reason as well.
I don't know.
Part of me adores her.
But another part of me
feels uneasy I can't quite explain it.
And Toi, her mother, is strange too.
Ever since we met at the temple.
Yes, ma'am.
Last time I saw her staring at you
without looking away at all.
Or maybe…
I should cut this off at the root.
Force the two of them
to break up right now
and end this once and for all.
With the utmost respect, ma'am,
I'm afraid it won't be that easy.
From what I can see,
Mr. Warat is very attentive to Ms. Kluay.
We can't let this go on.
Kluay faints so often.
It really worries me.
How are we going to convince her
to go see a doctor, Mom?
Every time she wakes up,
she seems perfectly normal,
like nothing ever happened.
Kluay isn't stubborn with me.
If I ask her gently,
she'll probably agree.
-Hello.
Earlier,
I was busy taking care of Kluay,
so I didn't greet you properly.
It's fine.
Even if your hands greet me,
if your heart doesn't respect me,
greeting or not, it's all the same.
But, thank you, anyway,
for bringing the plant with you.
The plant didn't do anything wrong.
Leaving it on the ground to die
would be pitiful.
-So take it back.
-Oh.
Mr. Warat brought it for Kluay, Mom.
I'll put it in a new pot later.
Thank you.
Is Kluay feeling better now?
-Mm.
-She's completely fine now, Mom.
Just like every time,
falls on her own, gets up on her own.
Tough as ever.
And where are you going now?
You just recovered, why not rest a bit?
I'm going to stay at Mr. Warat's house.
Stay at Mr. Warat's house?
Mm.
I don't know how much strength
I'll have left to help Ms. Mysterious.
I need to finish this as soon as possible.
Besides,
Ms. Mysterious is really pitiful too.
Staying overnight at someone else's house,
does that really help that much?
It does.
Because the place with
the best information is the Vanich house.
Ms. Mysterious
is definitely connected
to the Vanich family.
Mom.
Trust me, okay?
I know my daughter
isn't being reckless. I'm just worried.
But I think if you're worried about Kluay,
you also need to let her
solve her own problems.
Don't worry, Kluay.
-I'll take care of Mom and the kids here.
-Mm.
Thank you, Som.
-Hey, hey, don't thank each other yet.
-Hm.
I haven't given you permission.
Just wait, you two sisters.
Ah. Mm.
Don't worry, ma'am.
I'll take good care of Kluay
and finish everything
as quickly as possible.
Just take good care of each other.
Keep us updated, okay?
Yes, Mom.
Kluay isn't going far at all.
You can stop worrying now.
Did you forget
you still have another beautiful,
sweet, and lovely daughter here?
I'll get jealous, you know.
I'm really worried.
Part of me wants Kluay to be free from…
The spirits that keep asking for help?
Yes.
But another part of me worries
because she's been
getting much worse lately.
And if this time she…
Stop it, Mom.
Did you forget
what you taught Kluay and me?
To think only good things
if we want good things to happen.
You reap what you think.
I remember it clearly.
How about this?
Tomorrow, your beautiful daughter
will take you
to see Grandpa at the temple?
If you have any problems or questions,
just ask him. He has all the answers.
Don't overthink it.
I'm going to shower now.
This child survived like a miracle.
It seems like a staged murder.
It's probably not, dear.
Let's just hope it was
a simple traffic accident.
Poor thing.
Both parents died.
At least you survived.
The burned car had a fake license plate.
Even the chassis number was forged.
Dear,
are you still investigating her case?
It's our responsibility, dear,
to gather as much info
about the child as possible.
Listening to you talk about it
makes me uneasy.
Leave it to the police.
If they find out who she really is,
they'll inform us themselves.
Oh.
-Dear.
-Hm?
This was found with her.
Is it really time
to return Kluay's amulet, dear?
I'm really worried about our daughter.
Stop staring at me like that, Wichan.
Fine, fine.
From now on,
I won't stop
your son from dating Kluay anymore.
Ma'am, Mr. Warat…
What is it? What's wrong with Warat?
Honey, hang in there a bit.
Slowly, okay?
Hey, I just twisted my ankle.
It's not like my leg got chopped off.
Ugh, why are you making me
put on such a show?
Grandma already knows we're dating.
Didn't you say it yourself
that we have to make her agree
to let you stay in this house?
We need to make it look natural that you
are really worried about me. Okay?
Well, I am worried.
You don't know how to act, do you?
It has to be like this.
Babe,
take care of yourself, babe. Relax, babe.
I'll look after you, babe.
-They're here. Hurry.
-Mm.
Warat.
-Warat.
-Babe.
Mm.
Hello.
What happened?
Why are you like this?
Oh.
Warat took me to the hospital.
But he slipped
and got sideswiped by a motorcycle.
-Why didn't you call and tell me?
-Ow.
Rat, why didn't you tell me?
I'm fine, Grandma.
Just a twisted ankle.
Nothing broken or fractured.
So it has to get worse than this
before I get to know what happens to you?
Don't do this again.
No matter how serious or minor it is,
you must let me know.
Alright.
And you? Are you fully better now?
Thank you for bringing Rat home,
even though you're still unwell yourself.
Uh, Grandma,
she didn't just bring me home.
She's going to stay with me for a while.
Right, babe?
Yes.
Since Warat got hurt because of me,
I want to take responsibility
as best as I can.
And the doctor said
he shouldn't put
too much weight on his foot.
If I'm here to take care of him,
he might recover faster.
There are plenty of people here.
Besides,
I can hire a nurse to look after Rat.
You should go back home.
Don't make your mother worry any more.
When you fainted,
she was already terribly shaken.
Oh, about that,
I already asked my mom for permission.
And we all agreed
that I should stay here
to take care of Warat.
Grandma,
I want Kluay to stay with me too.
She's not an outsider.
She's my girlfriend, right, babe?
Ow, babe, it hurts so much.
Slowly.
Babe, walk slowly.
Strange.
Why did Grandma agree so easily this time?
This counts as easy?
At first,
I thought I'd have to sneak you in here.
But Mrs. Wanee
does seem to have a softer side.
Nonsense. No way.
That just means you don't
really know your grandmother.
Whatever.
In the end,
you're still here as my girlfriend.
Can you not say that too often?
The more I hear it, the guiltier I feel.
We have to lie about being a couple,
and lie about your injury
and have to put this cast on.
If you're only feeling bad now,
it's pointless. It's too late.
Let's think about what to do next.
Alright.
You said you wanted me
to go into Grandma's room
to look for some information.
What do you want me to do?
That was before you mentioned
your father's study.
Now I'm more interested in that room.
I think, maybe
we might get complete information there
without even entering Mrs. Wanee's room.
Alright, I agree.
Do you have paper and a pen?
I want a detailed floor plan
of this place.
Oh, okay.
Where is it? I'll go get it myself.
Over there?
Put it down now.
I didn't mean to be disrespectful.
I'm just familiar
with bracelets like this.
Did you see something?
No, but I heard something.
I heard the sound
of a child's anklet bells,
the same kind of sign
I sensed when I was with Mrs. Wanee.
Grandma scolded Ms. Mysterious
and blocked her from becoming
a Vanich daughter-in-law.
Yes.
You said Ms. Mysterious was pregnant,
and you heard children's voices,
and
anklet bells.
How did you get this bracelet?
I've had it with me since I was a child.
But your grandmother insists
that the woman in the wedding photo
with your father
isn't your mother, right?
She's always insisted on that.
And
you still insist
that this anklet belongs to you?
WARAT
"Warat."
Alright.
I think you're on the right track.
At least now that you hear these bells,
you know where they are.
I don't think we need
the paper and pen anymore.
Let's hurry to your father's study.
I feel like something
is waiting for me there.
When we get to your father's study…
Mr. Warat.
You still have the nerve to laugh?
Help me.
-Ow.
-Leaving you there might be a good idea.
Hey.
Just kidding.
You like watching this show too?
You never seem interested.
Not really.
I just leave it on.
I'm not paying attention.
Well, has Sin still not come back?
I haven't seen him.
Normally, when Sin goes somewhere,
he never tells me anyway.
Why?
Why are you suddenly asking about Sin?
No reason.
Just asking.
This is my father's study.
And now,
Grandma has allowed me to use this room.
Do you see anything?
Oh…
I feel strangely familiar with this room.
We've never even met each other,
why did you slap me?
Look at you,
soaked exactly like
what you did to me the other day.
This woman has a lot of enemies.
You shouldn't continue with her.
She's the only woman I'm going to be with.
If Sin keeps
getting in the way like this, maybe
I'll have to tell Warat the whole truth.
What I want most in life
is the downfall of the Vanich family.
And if I don't let you do that?
NEXT EPISODE
Subtitle translation by: Panuwat Baikeawon